growling I felt my anger flare
I quickly lashed out yeah smacking the
mop handle awaits morally and use the
opportunity to get close once work yes I
managed to land a few jobs yeah yeah I
guess your midsection and once you were
shoulder yeah before driving backwards
it's best I could in the water
she appeared waited for a moment her
next strike was down reflashed which I
caught between my head's back with a
grin I pull I pull hard on the sick do
then and cut my foot upwards yeah kick
let swordsman without a sword cannot
hope to be the experienced watch latest
dispatch surrender the only way I could
stop her was to use it that that's not
the only way to win fight you know I
lose an arm around your waist all had to
do was to lower my right head lower we
turned repressor on her body I did so
slowly ah showing her just what she was
up against I tried to warn you this way
this isn't coming some candidates secret
do to take me
yeah mio-chan pibbleys gave me a change
of clothes
yeah right away I'll be back as soon as
possible
uh-oh
Kevin oh gosh oh go